OK, so, um, a complex scene.
You are about to see a complex
scene. Imagine you are
describing.
This scene to somebody who
cannot see the picture. Describe
what is happening and what you
see in the scene.
As thoroughly as possible and
then with complex scenes we ask
that you take between 3 to 5
minutes to describe each scene.
I will have a timer if.
Like you need, like if you're
going way over or if you need
some.
Need to know.
Like how much left?
Umm.
I'm going to pull up your first
scene.
Wake me up in the morning.
OK.
Let me just double check.
OK, now I will share my screen
and I will put it in a
presenting mode.
All right, you could begin when
you're ready. You know what? I
have that circle again.
Getting accept the black screen.
Let me try to reshare.
OK, now I see that perfect. OK.
So when you're ready, just start
to describe what you see.
#START_ancient_rome OK. So this
is.
Some sort of a game, it says.
F-V-N and games and ancient Rome
from 2000 years ago.
It looks like there is a lot of
fighting going on. They're in a
big stadium and there are a
whole bunch of people around in
the audience. There are some, it
looks like.
Lions that are getting into the
stands and like getting at the
people. So the people are are
running and scattering in the
stands and then down in the the
area where like the stadium or
the stage or where everything is
taking place, there is a whole
bunch of stuff going on. So
there's like animals.
There are, there's horses,
there's people fighting, there's
lions that like, look like
they're trying to, you know, get
people or like kill people.
There's people that are trying
to crawl out of the the stage or
the stadium so it's it's sunk
in. It's like in a big hole and
then the stands are are well
above it. So the people are
trying to climb out of that
area.
There's horses.
And there's a horse that's like
instead of the people with the
reins and the horse, the horse
has the reins and the people are
in front of it.
There's tigers. I believe that's
tigers in there too.
There's people with Shields and
people with like big sticks or
swords.
{Am I at 3 minutes yet?
Or keep going.
Oh, I can't hear you. I think
you're muted.
You could talk for like one more
minute about it. Yeah. OK.
Alright.}
Let's see so it looks like
they're in like like the dirt or
something. I don't know. It's
yellow, but it kind of looks
like dirt.
{I'm going to read what the
little page says. It says the
Romans spent most of their time
fighting, conquering, learning
Latin and making roads.
It's like really tiny. I can't
see it.
So.}
Apparently this is about 2000
years ago in ancient Rome. Oh,
they're fighting to the death.
It looks like they are fighting
to the death in this scene. Like
everybody is just fighting to
the death. And then there's
people there that are observing
and watching this.
People in the stands, so people
on the other side of the stands
where there's not lions chasing
them, are kind of like cheering
and and.
Cheering them on as they fight
to the death.
Oh, I think you're muted. I got.
I will pull up our next.
Item.
OK, our next item is a short
story, so I will pull up the
instructions for a short story.
OK.
Oh, I hit the wrong one.
There we go.
OK, so with our graphic novels,
you're going to oh.
That was weird. With our graphic
novels, you are going to look at
a series of pictures that tell a
story.
And imagine that you are telling
the story to somebody who cannot
see the pictures. Describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go throughout the story. And
then with these stories, after
you finish a slide or describing
the picture in front of you, you
could tell me to move on to the
next page. And then the stories
kind of vary on length. So I'm
going to pull up our first story
and I'll let you know how many
slides it is, OK?
OK.
OK, and I'm going to.
Share my screen.
And I'm going to put this in
presenting mode. This slide,
this, this story is
approximately 20 slides.
OK, so I should take about 30
seconds to a minute.
Yeah, like over for each one,
some slides will have more
detailed pictures. Like this
slide has more detailed pictures
than some of the other slides in
the story. So like it could vary
on how, but just an
approximation.
OK, and I've got the the circle
again and the black screen. Oh,
here, I could reshare it.
OK. Can you see it now? Yes. OK,
perfect.
Alright, so start describing
what's going on? Yes.
#START_return OK, so so I see it
says for my parents.
The words are a little bit too
small for me to really read but
I'm thinking it's like a
dedication to the author's
parents, and it starts out with.
There's a man and he is doing
either some type of art or it
might be.
Architecture. It's like a a
slanted desk that he's working
on and there's a kite coming in
the door.
There is a there's like a little
door that is too small for a
person to to go into that's
that's on the wall. So that's
kind of interesting. I'm not
sure what that is and then.
If we move downstairs, the
downstairs is it's just showing
a picture of the house so it
looks like the this is actually
maybe like a big.
Yep, it looks like it all goes
together. So it's a it's a big
picture of the house. So the the
man is upstairs. Downstairs
there's a kitchen.
There's a stove. Upstairs there
is a bedroom. So it looks like
he's working in an office.
There's like a bookshelf there,
a picture on the wall. There's a
light where he's working.
Um, there's a bathroom upstairs.
Downstairs there is a looks like
it. I would assume it's a child
and they are like drawing a red.
Semicircle on the wall and it
almost looks like it's kind of
like the door that's upstairs.
So there's a little door
upstairs that that a person
cannot fit through. And the the
child downstairs is wearing a
crown and they are drawing like
a bigger sized version of that
door. So it's like a.
A semi circle. And the picture
is, it's not black and white,
but it's like a there's not a
lot of color in it except
certain things. So, so the man
is in color, the kite is red,
the kite is in color, and then
downstairs the child is in
color. The marker that they're
using to draw is in color. And
then there's a couple other
things in the bedroom that are
like hanging from the ceiling.
It looks like that might be a
hot air balloon.
And then, I don't know, maybe a
plane or something that's
hanging from the ceiling and
then it shows even below the
house like it shows the pipes.
And the brick from below the
house, and then it even shows
like the steps leading outside
and the tree outside. And it
looks like they must live in
some sort of a big city because
there are very big buildings
outside, like high-rise
buildings outside.
{And we can move on to the next
page.
OK.}
So and then next page, it looks
like the man sees the kite. So
the man is working at his desk,
he sees the kite, he looks down
at it on the ground, and then he
goes to pick it up. And then he
drops the kite, and now he's
down in the child's room. And
the red drawing that the child
is making on the wall is now a
door. And it's a red door, and
it's open and the man is peeking
through the door.
And, um, it looks like he's
trying to figure out what's
going on and if his child went
through the door or what
happened. The man, let's see,
the man's wearing a blue shirt.
He has a beard.
And.
Um, the kite is red. The door is
also red. I don't know if that's
any significance there.
Um.
{And.
Yeah, that's it. We can move on
to the next page.
So I don't know if this matters,
but the the page on the the left
side is cut off a little bit.
There we go. OK. Thank you.} So
the man goes through the door,
and the door leads him through a
tree. It's almost like they're
living in the tree because the
door is shown. He's now outside
of the tree, and it looks like
he went through that red door.
The door is part of the tree. So
now we're outside. He is among
the trees. {Thank you. Yeah, I
can see everything now.} There's
lights. There's like lanterns
and string lights.
Hanging from the trees.
Um, almost like like a magical
forest or something, because
there's very big trees
surrounding him. He just came
out of the tree and there's a a
river or some sort of water
there. There is a.
A deck or a trying to think of
the other word that I could use
for a deck. There's like a pier
that has some sort of red
something on it. I can't tell if
it's like a balloon or a ball or
probably not a balloon because
it's not floating so like a ball
or some sort of red circle on
it.
And then the the lights are
really pretty. It looks like the
trees are losing some of their
leaves. There's some like leaves
or something falling from the
trees, and the man is outside
just kind of.
Looking to see, you know, to see
where he is now, because now
he's outside and his kid just
like drew this door and now the
man is is going through the
door. {I can move on to the next
page.}
So it yeah, looks like it is a
ball. So the man makes it to the
pier. He's now holding the ball
and on this Little River or
stream or Creek, whatever it is,
it's some sort of a body of
water that is surrounding him.
There is a big.
Looks like a boat, but it's in
the shape of a dragon that is
coming around towards him. So
he's holding the ball, he's
standing on the pier, he's
looking at this dragon boat
coming towards him and on the
next page.
It looks like the boat is there.
The boat comes up to the pier
and he steps on the boat with
the ball. So he's got the ball,
he's on the boat and now the
boat is moving forward and they
are moving away from the pier
{and you can move on to the next
page}.
Now it looks like he's at a
magical castle. So he is kind of
like peering. He's got his hand
at his head. He's peering to
this big giant castle. He's
still on this boat that looks
kind of like a dragon or
whatever it happens to be. And
and he's looking at this giant,
giant, giant castle and there's
a bridge from the castle. The
Moon is a full moon.
The sky is just some beautiful
colors. It is blue and purple.
There's some pink in it. They
are headed down the stream or
whatever the body of water is
and they are, they are right
there at the the castle and
there's, I mean gosh, there's
like layers upon layers of this
castle. It looks like it is
probably.
Four or five stories high, with
all kinds of different little
buildings around and all kinds
of peaks and.
Like rooftops that are separate,
but it's all together. There's
the big bridge. There's
something on top of the bridge.
I can't tell exactly what it is.
It looks like maybe it's a child
in a little boat, but I can't
tell.
And on the other side of the
bridge, it looks like there's
like a tiny little.
I don't know, maybe a castle or
some kind of something with with
roofs. That's an outdoor that's
outdoors.
Yeah, and there's flags. There's
a lot of the roofs have flags
that are flying on the top of
the castle.
Umm.
{Yeah. And we can move on to the
next page.}
So he is stepping off the boat
and now he's coming on to where
the castle is.
He dropped the ball. The red
ball is like he just kind of
threw it as he dropped as he
came off the boat and it looks
like, I'm guessing that is that
one of those is his child
because they're there's two
children and they're wearing
crowns and then there is a.
It looks like a king. It's a man
with a very long white beard and
he's wearing a crown as well and
he's wearing like some special
clothing that that looks like it
could be clothing of a king.
There is a a bird like a hawk.
He's sort of a big bird there
too. There's some guards that
are on the side.
On the other side, it looks like
there's some people as well, and
let's see.
So he is. So the man is like
running off the boat to get to
the people in the castle, and
then on the next page there's a
chair which looks like it's
probably like a King's chair or
some sort of a special chair.
The man is with.
I would call him the king.
Whoever the you know the man
with the white beard is, let's
just call him the king unless we
find out otherwise. And then
he's also with the the two
children. One of the children
looks a little like annoyed or
peeved or something. He's
crossing his arms and looking at
the chair and the other child is
standing with the king and the
man is is just approaching all
of them.
{And you can move on to the next
page.}
And now they're inside the
castle.
They are overlooking the water.
That bird.
Is still with them. It's like a
hawk, but it's got a really long
tail. So it's it's not exactly a
hawk, but it's it's it's a
purple bird with some sort of a
really long tail.
Yep. The one looks like it must
be his child because he's got
the crown and he's holding a red
marker and then there's another
child there and he's holding a
purple marker and he's wearing a
crown as well. So the man, the
king, the two children are all
together. And there is some
other people that are coming,
coming to the place as well. And
I'm thinking from what it looks
like that they don't want them
there.
That boat is still there.
The people are coming off.
Of the boat that looks really
similar to what the man came off
of, and they're like inside the
boat. So the man was just kind
of like on the boat. These
people are inside the boat. I
don't know if it's the same boat
or not, but they are coming to,
they're coming up to the castle
and the king is holding.
Some sort of a light or a wand
or something and.
Ah, there's the sky in the
background with stars, the
really pretty colors, and the
water.
Umm.
And that the man and the
children are there as well.
They're like standing on the top
of the stairs as these people
come up {and we can move on to
the next page}.
And OK, it looks like the king
is holding a sword.
So the king is now in front of
the two children and the man,
the people are approaching the
king. They've got some sort of
like a box that, I don't know,
it's like a kind of like a
jack-in-the-box where you would
like turn something on it, but
it's not a jack-in-the-box. So I
don't know what that is.
And.
The people look like, they're
dressed like.
Guards, maybe?
They're wearing hats.
Or maybe they're wearing like.
Like metal armor suits. They
might be wearing like some sort
of metal armor suits. So the
king is there, he's got his
sword almost like stay back to
the the people that are
approaching. And then on the
next page, one of the people
tries to approach and then.
King puts his sword out towards
him. The person is coming up the
stairs at him. He's got his
sword out towards him. That guy,
that person has the
jack-in-the-box thing, and he.
He puts it towards the king and
the king loses his sword and
maybe it's like a magic box. The
other two men have Spears and
they take the king. Looks like
they're about to take the king.
And this man who had the
jack-in-the-box thing, he's
running towards the castle, so
he ran past the king. The king
has reaching his arm out like,
no, don't go there. And the
other two men with the Spears
have the king. {You can move on
to the next page.}
So now we're at a page with the
so the the man who had gotten
past them with the jack with
the.
Umm, the jack-in-the-box, or
whatever The thing is called, is
coming towards the man with the
children, the one child with the
crown and the purple.
The purple marker is drawing.
He's drawing like a wing with
his purple marker. And now on
the next page, the man.
And the two children are flying
off on the Purple Dragon. So the
wing turned into a purple
dragon. So it's like they're
they're drawing what they want
and then it's it's coming to
life and so they're flying away
on the purple dragon and the
let's just call them the bad man
because I don't know what they
are but they it looks like they
stole the king. So the bad man
with the the jack-in-the-box is
reaching out towards them.
He's still on the.
On the um, the deck of the
castle. He's reaching out to
them. They are flying over the
water in front of the moon on
their dragon.
{We can move on to the next
page.}
OK, now we're on a page where
they're all on the dragon. The
purple dragon. We can see the
castle below. We can see there's
like a waterfall below, there's
water below. We could see the
the boat that the original man
came in on, and.
The one child is just kind of
reaching off.
But they're all flying on the
dragon. {Move on to the next
page.}
And OK, so the child with the
red.
Marker and the man are holding
hands and they have fallen off
the dragon. It looks like
something happened to the
Dragon, so.
Looks like that.
Boat is now in the air and
there's like purple dragon
feathers everywhere.
The other child is hanging on on
the boat.
And there are four people on the
boat. Looks like they must have.
Maybe they killed the dragon
with the boat?
They're all in the sky, so two
of them are falling. There's
four people on the boat and the
one child is like somebody's
like reaching out to him from
the boat and he's holding on on
that person's arm.
OK, now we're underwater.
There's a lot going on in this
story. So now we're underwater,
we can see there's fish or
something with them. It's the
man who had fallen off the boat
along with the child with the
red crayon or the red marker.
They've splashed down into the
water.
Some like purple hook or
something with them and then.
And the next page, the child
with the red marker is drawing
something with his red marker.
OK, it looks like he was must
have been drawing a submarine,
because now there there is a
submarine. They are.
Still underwater.
They're on the submarine, but
they're like on the outside of
it.
Yeah, I'm going to turn it into
a real submarine. {Move on to
the next page.}
Now they are on top of the water
on the submarine. They're
standing on top of the
submarine. I'm not sure what
this purple thing is. It looks
like it was part of the the
Purple Dragon, but it's still
with them. And then there's
like.
They're in like a cave.
They're still water there,
they're in a cave and then
there's like.
Faded pictures of people around
them.
I can't tell if they're like
drawings of people in The Cave
or if they're like the ghosts of
people.
But they're not. It doesn't look
like they're actual people and
the the man and the child are
looking up at them.
Yeah, it looks like they must be
drawings. So now they're inside
The Cave, they've stepped off of
the submarine. They still have
whatever that purple thing is
with them.
They're pointing at the drawings
in The Cave and there's a
drawing of.
Um, let's see if two people
one's got like a star. The other
one is like pouring something
out.
Yeah, the submarine's not on
this page anymore, so they're
not on the submarine.
And there's like a little like
house inside The Cave with a
door.
And.
So they are still in The Cave.
Now there's oh, now there's
people there. So now the the
people on the Dragon boat have
followed them to The Cave. They
are standing just outside The
Cave, and the man and the child
are hiding in The Cave along
with their purple whatever it is
that they got from the dragon.
On the next page, there's they
still got that purple thing and.
The man is now drawing with, it
looks like a black marker. He's
drawing
a rectangle. It might be a door,
I'm not sure. And then with the
purple thing, it's like hanging
from the door.
Almost like a like a bird cage.
And they've got it.
Got it.
As part of that. But that was
just something that the man
drew.
And the child is watching him.
{All right, let's go on to the
next one.}
OK, so.
The child, the child and the man
hid, they're hiding, they're
peeking. They're watching the
bad man come off of the dragon
boat and he's got his, his magic
jack-in-the-box and he's pulling
the.
The purple purple thing.
And he is getting trapped. So
they have created a trap for
him. So he is now inside of this
almost like it's like a little
jail and he is trapped inside
and they have stolen his magic
jack-in-the-box.
Sorry, the man and the child
have done that.
OK and now this page is super
colorful, so it looks like the
Jack-in-the-box has like.
Exploded. Maybe they've
destroyed it, like they've like
thrown it, and there's just all
these beautiful colors coming
out of it. There's the purple
Dragon, there's that purple bird
from before. We've got some
other beautiful bright colors,
some Blues and greens and
yellows and Reds. Ohh. And
there's the king and the other
child. They're like part of the
colors too. They're in there.
And there's some other things
like butterflies and maybe
dragonflies.
Things like that.
The other two bad men that are
on the boat are watching this
from the Dragon boat and they're
just kind of like holding up
their arms as though like to
stay away. The person the other
bad man is still captured inside
of the little jail.
{Again, move on to the next
page.}
And everything is. Looks like
they saved everything. So the
birds and the purple dragon,
they're all flying away. The
King is safe.
So the other child maybe is the
is the King's child. He's safe.
He's with the king as well, and
then the man and the child are
together. So they're all just
kind of like watching all of
this happen. The bad men are
going away on their boat.
And on the next page, we've got
the King and his child. They're
standing off to the side, the
man and his red marker child.
The red marker child is giving
him a hug and there's a little
door next to them. It looks like
it was that little door from the
the office that was too small
for a person to fit through, but
they're on the other side of it.
And we can move on.
And then at the end we see the
red kite that's flying in the
wind and we're back at the.
House, the little door in that
in the office is now open. You
can just see like light coming
through it. We don't see any of
the people.
And we see the city, we see the
outside. So we're we're back in
the city.
We're back in real time and
that's it. #END_return
OK, you are muted.
All right. So that was perfect
if you'd like to take like a two
or three minute break right now.
Feel free can yeah.
So come back at like 203 three
or four and then we could
continue from there.
OK. All right. Thank you.
Thanks.
OK, so our next our next item is
a.
Complex scenes, so like before.
Taking two to three minutes to
describe what you see in this
scene and then.
Yeah.
OK, I've got the black screen
with the circle again. Let me
keep doing that.
See if I could really share it.
Umm.
Do you see my screen now?
I do. Yeah. It's kind of small
just because, yeah, I'm going to
make yes, I do see it bigger.
No, it's black again. So when I
share full screen it.
Hmm.
Can you see it now?
Hmm. OK, let me see if I could.
Oh, wait.
I could get rid of.
That's good.
I'm just not sure why.
Ohh.
Hmm.
I see if I could.
Let me see if maybe if I make
it.
Bigger first if that works.
Well, I don't know if I could do
it backwards like this actually.
Oh, here.
How about now? Yep, that's
perfect. OK, I don't know how I
got it like this, but OK.
Alright. Yeah, I know it looks
good. Let me know when you're
ready. Yep, you could start. OK,
alright.
#START_escape_from_the_zoo So
this is a picture. It says
escape from the zoo.
We are at the zoo. There's lots
of people here. There is a
rhinoceros. It looks like it is
escaping. It's like among the
people and they are running from
it. There's a there's a snake
along with them, there's a
giraffe. Now those are in an
enclosure here. So we've got a
giraffe and then and a couple of
giraffes, a few giraffes I
should say, and enclosure along
with some other animals.
There's a hot dog vendor and
he's just right over there by
the escaped rhinoceros and he
seems OK. There's still people
buying hot dogs, but he's
chasing, he's kind of going the
other way, chasing some of the
other people there is. There's
all kinds of animals. Most of
them are in enclosures as far as
I can tell. We've got apes and.
Baboons. There's a bunch of
birds, a whole bunch of
different kinds of birds.
There's lemurs, there's polar
bears, there's zebra, there's
flamingos. There's a lion. Maybe
a tiger with it, or two lions.
Got an elephant. we've got
That's one of the.
There's like an ice, ice thing
that looks like there should be
an animal there, but I don't see
an animal, so maybe, I'm not
sure what escape from there.
There's an ice cream stand,
there's a cafe, there's a shop.
There's.
an owl. There's something in a
little plane. There's like like
a bird, like a little. It's like
a cartoon when it's in a little
plane.
There's a hippo, there's a
Peacock.
There's people with babies.
There's children and dived one
of the enclosures, oh, because
they're running away from the
rhinoceros, so they are like
running into the the Lions den.
#END_escape_from_the_zoo
Yeah. Do you want me to keep
going?
OK. And I will.
We what we have.
After this one escape.
OK, next we have another complex
scene.
I'm going to pull it up.
Um.
I don't remember how I went made
it then it's OK. I mean, I could
do it with it like this.
Yeah, it's black again with a
circle. So did I like go like
this?
And then I think I shared my
screen. Let me see.
Umm.
There we go.
Yep, that's good.
So same thing. It's a complex
scene. Describe what you see.
#START_make_a_splash All right.
So we're at a water park. There
is all kinds of really fun
looking slides. There are some
like.
Swirly slides or some straight
slides with some bumps. There's
like a lazy river with people in
inner tubes. There's.
There's like a let's see, it's
like a ship with a bunch of kids
on it and that's got a little
slide that goes down as well.
There's some spouts of water
that's coming down on them.
There's there's tons of people
like the people are like on top
of each other. There's a ton of
them. There's a kid with a a
water gun and he's squirting the
people in the he's squirting
someone in the lazy river on an
inner tube. There's some people
that are off to the side that
are lying.
On blankets in the grass.
There's kids at the top of the
slide waiting to go down the
slide, but they're just like
letting them all go down. Like
there's a whole bunch of them
just going down all together.
They're not like making weight
or anything. There's a whole
bunch going down together.
There's.
The top of the boat
They're like ship has a spout
with water and it's going down
on like one specific kid.
There's a a climbing thing on
the boat that people can climb
on. There's a girl climbing on
that, Umm like a like a rope
climb thing, like a net I should
say like a net climb. And then
there's a dragon with a spout.
It's like spouting water and the
kids are kind of climbing on
that dragon.
There's like a snake thing. I
mean it's just like, you know, a
fake thing in the water that the
kids are climbing and playing on
and there's kids jumping off. It
looks like maybe there's like
little rocks or something that
they can go across and and
they're, they're jumping off and
going across the rocks or
little.
is that rocks? It's like a
little platforms. I'm not sure
exactly like circle platforms.
#END_make_a_splash
Yeah. Jimmy, keep going. Or is
that good? That's perfect. I'll
pull up the OK.
OK, next we have.
Another complex scene.
Oh wait, I have to do this thing
so it will.
Umm.
And then?
For me.
OK, there we go.
OK.
Alright, so I'm just describing
the scene, right? I'm not like
looking at this one. All right.
OK, OK, alright. That's what I
thought. I know all of them kind
of have like. Oh, sorry.
Hey, I just wanted to make sure
I was doing it right. OK.
#START_waldo_1 So yeah, so this
is it is a where's Waldo scene.
So there is a lot of like red
and white stripe things on
there. There is we are in the
middle of a town.
I think it looks like a cute
little town, all kinds of shops.
There's a fountain in the middle
of the town. There's somebody
riding on the fountain. They've
got like flippers and a snorkel
mask on. And then there are
there's cars all around. There's
little shops and there's people.
There's also like a maybe a
little festival or something
going on because there's tents
with red and white stripes and
blue and white stripes and green
and white stripes and there's.
People all around there kind of
shopping at each of the tents.
There's a building that they
seem to be working on, or maybe
washing the windows or
something, because there's three
ladders there, and then there's
people on top of the building
and they're like mopping or
something, but they're fighting
with their mops. And then people
on top of another building. I'm
not sure why. It looks like
maybe the dog got away onto the
top of the building.
And then there's people in the
window. There's like people
popping out of windows all over
the place. There's there's a
crossing guard and some children
kind of near the back of the
picture.
Helping the children to cross
the street, there's a there's a
fire station and the fire truck
and a fire person and there's
looks like maybe like a little
Fender Bender. There's a red car
and a a yellow truck that got
into a Fender Bender. And
there's people standing outside
and there's like smoke coming
out of the yellow truck. And
then there's.
And it's just kind of like a lot
going on in the town. You kind
of see everything that's
happening all throughout the
town. #END_waldo_1
If there's anything else
significant, is that good? OK.
Next, let me see.
OK, next we have another complex
scene.
Umm.
There we go.
I'm going to.
Share my screen. OK here you go.
Yep, looks good. OK, so this one
we are. It says by the lake.
#START_by_the_lake There's a lot
going on by the lake, so we've
got people playing volleyball on
one side of the lake. We've got
people flying kites.
Um.
There's a there's a lot of
people in the water. I mean,
there's just a ton of people
everywhere. There are people
doing kayaking, there's some
people on inner tubes, there's
people on jet skis, and they're
just all together. They're just
all and they're together kind of
all right among each other.
There's a pier and there's,
there's someone fishing off the
pier. There's a flag on the
pier. There's a boat like a
giant maybe canoe with a whole
bunch of people.
with paddles. There's a paddle
boat. There's Windsurfers.
There's.
It's like a pyramid of people
that are.
are water skiing, but there's
like a whole pyramid of them.
There's a dand pedal boarder,
there's kids on a like a little.
I'm not sure what the name of it
is, but it's like a little it's
almost like a pier, but it's in
the water, it's not connected to
anything, and there's like a ton
of kids on it and a few of them
are jumping off into the water.
There's people, there's kids
building sandcastles in the
water. There's a dog on the sand
um not in the water in the sand.
There's a dog on the sand.
There's kids with Nets and
shovels, like maybe doing some
like, you know, getting fish or
something and building stuff in
the water. There's some kids
doing like hand stands and
backbends and gymnastic type
things.
Um, there's a little house or
shop.
There's Parasailors.
#END_by_the_lake
Trying to keep going. That's
good here.
Max.
OK, next we have another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_wild_west OK, so we're
in, it says the wild, Wild West.
We must be in like a wild, Wild
West town.
Gosh, there's all kinds of
different things here. There's a
saloon, there's a hotel, there's
a, there's several saloons and
hotels. There's a jail and
there's a whole bunch of people.
There's like a pioneer saloon
with some people out standing on
the.
Upper deck. There's a bank, and
it looks like there's.
What are they doing? Maybe spray
painting or something on the
side of the bank or and then
they'll be painting. Yeah, they
must be painting because they're
they've got ladders.
There's a bunch of people with
cowboy hats. There's a train.
Um.
There's a horse.
There's.
I don't know what that is. It
looks like stamps.
With bison on them, I don't
know. There's like a whole group
of stamps.
I don't know what that is.
That's just a whole bunch of
people that are on top of the
building. They're on the.
Ground. They're on the stairs.
They're. They're everywhere.
They're on the decks.
Livery stable.
One more. So yeah, there's a
whole bunch of saloons.
There's like a maybe like a
doctor's convention or
something. I see some people
with white coats and.
Briefcases.
There's, uh, there's a stable
and there's some horses there.
There's gold, like maybe a gold
mine.
Umm.
And there's oh, there's like
like buggies, like horse
buggies, but without horses.
#END_wild_west
Yeah.
I don't know. You want me to
keep trying to describe it? Oh
no, you're good.
Yeah, let me know if I need to
keep going on any.
Wow. OK, next.
OK, next we have another complex
scene.
OK.
#START_picture_this OK, so we've
got a bunch of framed.
Portraits.
And then there's just like a
random guy on the side, not in a
portrait, like a caveman. Let's
see if we could describe some of
these things in the portraits.
So we've got this in one of the
portraits, there's there's two
people fighting.
In one of the portraits there is
a guy in a like a full on green
suit with a green hat and an
umbrella and a a briefcase.
There's a person with a
backpack. There's.
Um, there's somebody like.
Let's see, there's a there's two
people near up like a palm tree,
and one of them is leaning on
the palm tree and the other one
like it almost looks like their
hair is attached to the palm
tree. And then we've got a.
Let's see, there's all kinds of
things going on and like every
picture or something different,
there's a lot of people fighting
in the pictures, like lots of
swords and lots of people
fighting.
There's.
One of them was just like a a
weird looking hand with like
maybe four rings on it. And then
there's a tree that has a face
and it's like sticking out its
tongue. And there's a mummy and
there's a dog on a leash.
There's a 2 headed fish. So like
each side of the fish has a
head, there's no tail, it's just
two heads.
There's kind of looks like a guy
coming out of a garbage can or
something. There's two people
dressed up like.
Dogs, I think.
Um.
There's a cactus running.
#END_picture_this
Trying to keep going.
Oh, that's good. You're OK.
OK, next you have a short story.
Right.
This story's three slides long
like before. Oh, wait, let me do
the thing where I.
Slideshow.
So.
This story is 3 slides long.
And like before with the
stories, just let me know when
you'd like me to move on to the
next slide.
OK, about how long do you want
me to take to describe the
story?
This one I mean, it's only three
slides, so between 5 and 10
minutes in between it, it might
take less.
Definitely not more. Yeah. OK,
got it. All right.
#START_arrival_2 So it looks
like an like an old timey story.
We're looking at pictures that
are.
They're not black and white. I
think it's called sepia and.
Just a bunch of pictures. So the
first picture it looks like a a
man, woman and a child.
And they're dressed up in like
they've got like head coverings.
And long. It's like a long white
head covering outfit. They have
luggage with them and then the
next picture it is 3.
Look like men with hats and
suits, and they have luggage as
well. There's a woman with a
baby and a man behind her. So it
looks like maybe we're at a
scene at like a don't know, some
sort of transportation place.
And then we see a man with a
hat. He's sitting on a piece of
luggage and he has a book and
he's writing in his book and
we're looking at him writing.
We're watching him tearing the
page out.
And then he's folding it up
into, I think it's like a swan.
So he folds up the page into a
swan and he's looking at it, and
then he's looking behind him and
now he's getting up.
And he's looking, let's see,
he's looking behind him. And
then he's looking up and he's
kind of got his hands on his
forehead looking up. And now
we're looking at a boat.
There's a bunch of people on the
boat and there's a whole bunch
of.
What are those? I don't know if
that's the paper like it. Maybe
those are the paper things
they're like.
Paper.
Dragonflies above them, and
they're all kind of like looking
up at them. They're all on the
boat and they're all kind of
looking up. So maybe so he
whatever he folded it into, if
it's a swan or a dragonfly,
that's like above all the people
now, and they're all on a that
looks like a big ship.
Umm.
{OK, we can move on to the next
page.}
OK, and now so we're we're still
on the ship.
Umm.
They are looking out at the
water and there's some other
boats and other ships.
And a big city.
Like birds in the sky.
And then on the next page it is.
I don't know if those are like
concrete structures or what they
are, but it's like a.
Some sort of structure where
there's people shaking hands.
The one has a bird on its
shoulder, the other one has.
like a rabbit or some sort of
animal on there, they're
holding. And then they're so the
one with the, they're both
wearing hats, the one with the.
Rabbit. I don't know if it's a
rabbit or not, but some sort of
animal like that. The one with
the rabbit, let's just say has
luggage and a like a teacup and
a vase.
And it's on like a like a little
ship, and then the one with the
bird has.
Teapots and a big.
pot and like a triangle, some
sort of triangle thing. It's
also on like a ship looking
thing. And these are giant
because there's big boats around
and these are way bigger than
the boats and they're also way
bigger than the buildings that
are in the town. And and the
buildings are high rises. So
these are very very very tall.
{OK. Can you go back to the next
page?}
And now we're looking at this
ship from a different angle. We
still see all those little like
paper dragonflies. They're like
coming down.
Around the ship and there's.
Clouds in the sky.
We're kind of looking at the
ship from a different angle
here, and then on the next page
we've got a group of people.
Some of the people that we found
in the very beginning and then
we've got a man with a big
megaphone.
Pointing and they're opening up
something and they must be
opening up the ship for more
people maybe. And then we're
seeing a hand with a.
On luggage. So he's like holding
on to his luggage handle and
then we've got the people again,
they've all got their luggage
and the next slide is a whole
bunch of people.
Walking maybe like walking the
plank towards the boat and then
the last slide is.
A bunch of people all with their
luggage standing in line.
#END_arrival_2
Yeah.
OK.
Let me see what's.
Next.
OK, now we have another short
story.
OK.
This one is.
Six slides, OK.
Ohh.
#START_arrival_6 All right, so
we have another old timey story
with those sepia looking colors
we start out.
With a like a vase and then.
I think coming towards the vase,
it's like a.
I don't know what that thing is.
It looks similar to the last
story. It's like a dragonfly
paper dragonfly or something,
and then it's coming to the
vase.
It's like standing on the edge
of the vase. So we've got a man
with he's wearing. I'm thinking
it's a man in a mirror. I can't
see the head. He's wearing a
vest and holding on to a.
Like a pen that you have to dip
in ink with a piece of paper and
then the the vase is right there
and he's writing something on
the paper, folding it up,
there's some money next to it
sitting next to it along with
like a pepper shaker or
something. And then.
He folds it up into that shape,
whatever that is. It's like a
bird. It's like a.
Like a paper, or I mean, it's,
it's kind of cool. It's like
origami for sure. But I think
it's a bird. And he puts that in
an envelope and then he's adding
the money to the envelope and
he's licking the envelope and
then he's putting a stamp on the
envelope. Now he's walking with
the envelope. I don't know what
that is next to him. It's some
sort of animal next to him. I'm
walking down the stairs and then
he runs into a woman and she
seems to have a tail.
And she's pointing at something,
she's holding a basket, and then
he's walking over to. I mean, it
must be like a.
A mailbox doesn't look like a
mailbox from today, but maybe
like an old time mailbox. He's
reading whatever it says on it
and then he's putting the
letter. So that's the folded up
thing in the envelope along with
the money into it. And now he's
looking up at the sky and now he
and his animal are walking away
from it and there's like a bunch
of leaves on the page.
And like a whole scene.
{Move on to the next page.
Oh.
There we go.}
OK, OK, now we're looking at the
individual leaves. So we've got
a leaf. So this is like from the
other page. There was a whole
bunch of these like giant leaves
on the page along with him. So
now we're looking at an
individual leaf and then it gets
cut down the center and then it
gets cut a little further. And
now we're moving on to like a.
Kind of. I mean, it kind of
looks like a flower and then
it's getting bigger and bigger
and there's some little things
coming out of it that sort of
look like the the paper that he
folded up into the origami. And
I've got another flower again,
there's that origami paper
coming out of it and then.
And then we're moving on to
another flower, and that flower
has black, and it's getting, the
black is coming off of it. So
like the black part is getting
smaller, but you can still see
the outline of the flower, but
the black color is coming off of
it. And then. Oh, wait, OK. So
it looks like it actually moves
across the page. I was trying to
do 2 separate pages. OK, so the
first one, so we're back to the
leaf, so it's split down the
middle and now it's.
There's like a stem growing from
the top and then by the time we
get to the end it's got like a.
Circle on top and the Leaf has
split into almost like it looks
like wings. The second picture
with the flower where the
origami was coming out of it,
it's just getting like.
It just looks kind of bright and
then it looks like it's kind of
like one of those little.
I don't know. People call them
like snowman flowers, but
they're the they're kind of like
some people call them weeds,
some people call them flowers
are the ones that you can blow
on and it looks like the little
parts are blowing away and then
we're left with.
Without the the little snowy
parts of it. And then the third
one, we also had the flower and
also had the origami parts.
There's something underneath it,
I don't know what's happening
there. And then the flower just
turns like blacker and blacker
and it's by the end it's all
black. Now the other one that
was that started out almost all
black is losing its black and
the black is like going down
almost into it looks like. It's
like.
sitting in the snow and the
like, the little black pieces
are going into the snow and now
it's like snowing on it. And by
the end it is. It's snowed on
and the black parts are gone and
it's it's a flower that has an
outline and the black parts of
it are gone. {We can move on to
the next shoot.}
Um, OK, so this is.
And I'm now.
It looks it's outdoors.
There's like chimneys with smoke
coming out of them.
Maybe some sort of a? Maybe it's
a factory?
Umm.
There's a it looks like it's a
person walking next to it, that
kind of like a like a shadow
person.
There's.
Just a lot of chimneys.
And there's it looks like
there's snow on the ground.
There's some smoke in the
picture.
Some of the buildings are
circular and some of them are
triangle shape, so they're
really different shape buildings
than I'm used to.
I'm not 100% sure what's
happening in these pictures, but
that's my best description of
it.
OK, so now we're back to the
vase from the beginning. So
we've got the vase and then, oh,
now the, the, the origami has
like children, so it's like
little birds inside the vase and
it's coming to feed the little
birds. And then we've got the
man and he's looking at a
picture of what looks like a
family. It looks like maybe
there's three people in it. So
he's got a picture in A frame.
He's, he's sitting in.
He's sitting in a bed and he's
looking at the picture. His desk
is right next to him. That vase
is kind of off to the side there
by the desk too. And then on the
next page his little animal is
there and it jumps off the bed.
He's got the picture frame in
his hand and he's looking to see
where the animal went. And the
animal is going down a ladder.
It's like there's like a hole,
maybe like a hole in the ground
and a ladder. So the animal went
down the ladder, the man.
Follows him down the ladder. The
animal finds an envelope.
Which looks like the letter from
the person in the beginning, so.
Same person? I don't know, but
this looks like the letter that
was written in the beginning
because he picked up the
envelope.
He opened the envelope and
there's the origami inside of
it. Now he's unraveling the
origami to read the letter, and
now he's got the letter in his
hand and he's looking out the
window. {You can move on to the
next page.}
And there's another origami in
the first picture, and then the
second picture is.
I don't know. It's sort of a
triangle thing with what looks
like maybe plates inside. And
then the third picture is a it's
like a hat hanging on a hook
alongside something else that's
hanging next to it. Might be a
jacket. It's hard to tell. And
then the next picture is a bowl.
Look like. I mean it kind of
looks like tails coming out of
it. I don't know exactly what
that is. And then the next
picture is pieces of paper with
hand drawn pictures on them. One
of the pictures is a ship with
smoke coming out of it. The
other ones got like.
Sort of doodles with sunshines
on them.
And then the next picture is.
I don't know.
I don't know what that is
exactly.
Tea pot, maybe? And then we go
on to a cup of tea or coffee on
top of a paper, and then we've
got a picture of what looks like
a family, three people. And then
we have a hand and it has a coin
in it and it's giving it to
another hand. So there's one
hand on top with the coin and
another hand underneath,
probably from a different
person, that they're handing
them the coin.
And now we see a family sitting
at a table. OK, so now we see a
little bit more of the picture
because we see the hand that's
giving the coin and he's giving
it to a child. That animal thing
is there too, and looks like
they're eating some sort of a
meal or drinking some tea or
something at the table.
The man is holding up three
fingers.
And giving the.
Girl the coin. In the
background, we see the drawings
that we saw earlier and they're
up on the wall. We also see the
family photo up on the up on a
shelf. It's kind of like
everything came together in this
picture, like everything we've
kind of been seeing throughout
is coming together, even like
some of the flower shapes and
things are on the wall.
And the hat is hanging there, a
lot. It looks like it's a rag
next to it. It's not a jacket,
it's a rag. But yeah, it's kind
of like all together in this
scene. Everything that we've
seen throughout is now together
in this. And it's come together
as a scene. And then the next
picture is somebody putting on
rubber boots, and then the
animal is giving them something,
oh hats, and then the girl is
putting on a hat.
She's got her rubber boots and
her animal and they are going
outside.
And she's pointing to something
on the ground, and then she's
like got her hand lifted and
there's like a light above it,
kind of like almost like magic
right there. #END_arrival_6
And we can go on to the next
page and that's it.
Oh, I think you're muted again.
Let me see what's.
Next.
OK, next is.
A complex scene.
Oh, let me.
Make sure I share this
correctly.
OK.
And you see it.
OK so this is just a complex
scene, so like before 3 to 5
minutes to describe what you see
in the scene.
#START_unfriendly_giants OK,
alright, so it says the
unfriendly giants. So there's a
whole bunch of giants on this
page. There's.
123456 of them playing chess
with what looks like people
they're using as their like
chess pieces and then there's
they're kind of like.
Pushing some people away. Some
of the other ones have big giant
straws, and they're.
Like sucking up some water and
then spitting it out on the
people. So the people are look
little, but I think it's just
because, you know, the the other
things here are giants and then
the people are like trying to
hurt the giants. They've got
like a big hammer thing and
they're all like holding it
together and trying to hit the
giant doesn't seem to really be
doing a whole lot.
And then there's people at their
house. They're all standing
outside of their house and on
top of the roof. And then one of
the Giants has a big rope and
like he's going to drag it along
with him. And then there's
another giant in the middle of
the screen and he's just got
people on his belt.
And he's just walking. And then
we've got a lady giant and a man
giant and a man who looks like
he's coming over to kiss her.
There's another lady giant and a
man giant on the other side of
the screen. So we've got like,
little hearts above the men's
head. So they're like, in love
with these women. And he's
giving her flowers.
We've got in the background
there's another man and woman,
giants. There's a big giant.
He's got a tree, like he's using
it almost like a broom. So he's
like tore it out of the ground
and put it upside down. And he's
like sweeping some of the people
away. We've got, yeah, a couple
of them have people on their
belts.
There's another giant and
there's a big.
Like Rock Castle looking thing
like built of rocks and there's
a whole bunch of little people
coming out of it and there's a
giant that's behind it, a couple
of giants that are going towards
it.
There's a windmill and a giant
that's like spinning the
windmill.
There's a giant in the trees.
There's another windmill on the
other side, so the Giants are
just like having fun and.
Kind of hurting the people in
the process.
Let's see, oh, there's a whole
bunch of little people coming at
one of the giants with like a
big stick or something right
outside the castle, and he's
just got to look on his face
like, Oh no, and.
Let's see.
There's some people in another
little house on the side that
the Giants aren't really near.
#END_unfriendly_giants
And OK, perfect.
Let me see.
OK, NEXT is another complex
scene.
Oh, I have to put it in present
mode. This is like I keep.
Forgetting this isn't 50 way
though I didn't know I could do
it like this before. We've had
the problem with sharing screen
today so.
OK.
#START_exhibit_12 OK, so says
the Great Portrait exhibition.
All right, there are people
everywhere, like people on top
of people on top of people. They
are at. It looks like some sort
of an art gallery.
So there's pictures on the wall.
Some of them are taking the
pictures down. There's people
standing on top of like a like a
ladder with a board in between,
and they're trying to take some
of the pictures down. Maybe
they're stealing them. There's
somebody from above that's
trying to get it from the one
that's down on the board.
Umm.
There's.
There's a whole bunch of people
coming in. There's a bunch of
people in blue, maybe police
officers coming in on the other
side. Let's see if there's more
pictures, there's more. There's
people on the stairs that are
like carrying pictures and
taking pictures off the wall.
And then we're so if we move
upstairs, there's like a second
platform and a third platform.
And on the second platform
there's some ladders and there's
quite a few people like way too
many people that that shouldn't
be on ladders. And then we've
got people hanging from
platforms on the ceiling as well
over there and then.
Lots of pictures, lots of
pictures, lots of people.
There's some people dressed up
in costumes. I'm seeing like an
astronaut and.
Like a Pilgrim and maybe like a
flapper girl and.
Yeah, lots of people in costumes
up on the 2nd floor there.
There's a picture of somebody
with a fish in one of the
portraits.
And then we go upstairs again
and we're going up the stairs
and we've got like a a platform.
Lots of people on the platform
on the second set of stairs,
there's more people that are
carrying pictures up on the
third floor. It doesn't look
like they're trying to get the
pictures down. It just looks
like they're kind of all there
and there's like a.
It's not a ladder.
Scaffolding with some people on
it.
Yeah, just lots of pictures.
Lots of people. #END_exhibit_12
want me to keep going. Oh,
that's perfect. OK, let me.
See next. I think it's another.
Yeah, another complex scene.
OK.
I'm gonna.
OK.
#START_deep_sea_divers OK, so
this one says the deep sea
divers. So there are, so we're
seeing on top of the sea and
we're seeing under the sea as
well. There are people both
places.
Under the sea there's also fish.
There's also mermaids. There's
lots of fish. There's, there's
plants under the sea, there's a
shark, there's.
Like a fish with a net trying to
catch a person, there's some
people with like Spears under
the sea.
There's people like looks like
maybe taking pictures down at
the bottom of the sea.
And like posing with some of
this stuff.
There's an octopus.
There's like a hand looking
thing.
And then if we go above the sea,
we've got a bunch of people in
boats.
And we have, we have some
mermaids sitting on a rock.
We've got some fishermen on
another rock. We have some
people fishing in their boats.
We have like a.
Like almost like a rainbow of
fish. They're like jumping over
one of the rocks that people are
fishing on. There's more people
fishing over there. There's a.
Can't tell that's part of the
rock or if that's actually a
fish, but it's like its mouth is
open and there's people in a
boat right there. I'm thinking
it's part of the rock though.
It's just like a design. And
then.
Somebody's falling off of a
boat.
Lots of people fishing.
Lots of mermaids.
There's fish in the form of a a
fish swimming.
#END_deep_sea_divers
Umm.
Yeah.
OK.
Hey.
OK, so.
This is a perfect place for me
to.
Stop us today.